Figure (#56)
AAU-Dat/P9-ZKP: report/src/sections/04-experimental-protocol.tex

In the worst case, this could lead to a decrease in the total amount of ether, as it is dynamically changing with the chain.

> Both of the aforementioned reasons require only a node in Ethereum, but the adversary themselves do not gain any reward from the attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of the aforementioned reasons only require a node in Ethereum, but the adversary themselves do not gain any reward from the attack.
```

It is a reward that the proposer can get besides rewards gotten from working on the blockchain, as mentioned in~\autoref{subsubsec:valrewards}.
The idea of~\gls{mev} is that \textit{searchers} search the network for profitable transaction opportunities.
These are, for instance, opportunities where people are willing to pay a high transaction fee to the proposer for inclusion in the block.
These transactions are then added to the pool of transactions to be added in the chain.
There are more implementations of these searchers, fx Flashbots and MEV-Boost.
It has been estimated that ~90\% of all Ethereum validators use this kind of software~\cite{cryptoeprint:2023/760}.

So, let us assume a scenario, where an adversary has a validator that is set to propose the block at slot $n$.
It could then be beneficial for the adversary to perform a~\gls{dos} attack on the proposers of slot $n-1, n-2$, and so on.
Beginning from slot $n-1$ and down, the more consecutive proposers that are successfully attacked, the more potential gain there is for the adversary.
This is because the high-paying transactions that were to be included in the previous slots now can be included in the adversary's slot.

> Therefore, the adversary potentially gains more reward from including transactions with higher fees, available because of the attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, the adversary potentially gains a greater reward from including those transactions with higher fees, that are now available because of the attack.
```
